Docs: Standardize macOS naming and update versions (#177390)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/notes/mps.rst

            print("MPS not available because the current PyTorch install was not "
                  "built with MPS enabled.")
        else:

>             print("MPS not available because the current macOS version is not 12.3+ "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            print("MPS not available because the current macOS version is not 14.0+ "
```
